speaking of movies Comic Con is underway
right now which means your IT guy from
work is in a Starbucks bathroom
squeezing into a Deadpool onesie in San
Diego right now comic-con is interesting
the only convention where every one of
the city's hotel rooms are full for five
whole days no one gets an STD the whole
time if you're headed to comic-con it's
supposed to be hot in San Diego this
weekend so be sure to keep your Aquaman
properly hydrated never leave him in a
car with the windows up all right many
of the thousands of fans who go to
comic-con like to dress up as their
favorite characters and so I thought it
might be wise to get some tips on that
from our favorite characters The
Hollywood Boulevard superheroes these
brave men and once in a great while
women everyday they wear their costumes
in the hot Sun they take photos with
tourists for tips these are the real
heroes and a few of them are assembled
outside our theater right now as we
speak we have Superman spider-man and
the Incredible Hulk
you look great are any of you going to
comic-con this weekend no no okay
well I think maybe you might be able to
share some advice on dressing up for
those who are going like Superman where
do you keep your wallet when you are
towing that many find it back and is it
okay for a Superman to have a fanny pack
yeah it is okay alright and you it can
be black it can be any color it doesn't
have to coordinate with the costume
nevermind Superman spider-man hey first
of all where's your mask spider-man huh
oh it's right there okay where did you
get your costume I found in a thrift
shop you got and do you ever experience
chafing in that thing oh yeah I carry uh
you know baby powder oh you know alright
and this has got to be the worst costume
to wear of all of them The Incredible
Hulk
Oh how'd he use the bathroom with those
giant rubber hands that you have yeah we
can't hope we can you repeat that we've
got there too I'm sorry I can't
understand I can't understand what
you're saying how do you go to the
bathroom with those hands I told you
I did
I go I go I go right right in the soup
oh yeah I go to sue
wait a minute John Stuart you play The
Incredible Hulk out there on Hollywood
Boulevard
oh yeah but I mean not I wouldn't say
incredible but adequate I play an
adequate home I do how long how long
have you been doing this but out here
yeah but I left the Daily Show August 6
2015 and then I saw August 7th 2015
everybody back it was the next day
how you doing tip wise today not as good
money-wise as I would like but a guy did
tell me I should go myself which
technically is is a tip now it is the
tip
[Applause]
for the kids come here come here kid
side of these children are as excited
the sparkle and a little boy's eyes when
he hears the sound of the Hulk flying in
the Hulka copter yeah flyers there are
there's no hoko is it what's a
helicopter smile is my hopes private
helicopter though the Hulk does not have
a I know when I fly don't make me angry
Jimmy you wouldn't like me when I'm
angry
[Applause]
actually what happens when you're angry
my back hurts and I get quiet okay
[Applause]
wow that's amazing those three guys have
ten Emmys between them it's incredible
hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel I hope you enjoyed
that video hit subscribe and all your
dreams will come true assuming your
dreams are to watch more YouTube videos